Update To L12 and Readme docs (#144)
Laravel-Backpack/PageManager: README.md

[![Total Downloads][ico-downloads]][link-downloads]

> An interface to let your admins add and edit presentation pages to your Laravel 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12website, by defining page templates with any number of content areas and any number of content types. Uses [Laravel Backpack](https://github.com/laravel-backpack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An interface to let your admins add and edit presentation pages to your Laravel 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12 website, by defining page templates with any number of content areas and any number of content types. Uses [Laravel Backpack](https://github.com/laravel-backpack).
```
